FireeyeHX - Fixed parse non-ASCII data in fetch-incidents (#11702)
demisto/content: Packs/FireEyeHX/ReleaseNotes/1_0_9.md

#### Integrations
##### FireEye HX

> - Fixed an issue where **fetch-incidents** failed on non-ASCII data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the  ***fetch-incidents*** command would fail on non-ASCII data.
```
